# Julio-Licinio--A-Famous-Medical-Personality

<a href="https://usjuliolicinio.wordpress.com/">Julio Licinio</a> is a renowned personality in the medical research field. He has worked on various disorders in human health. At South Australian Health and Medical Research Institute (SAHMARI), Dr. Julio has worked as a deputy director and there he researched on some important relation between mind and brain. In reality, Dr. Licinio is a psychiatry who has done a deep research on the causes of depression. According to his research, 40% of depression cases are usually caused due to genetic disorder. 

In Adelaide at Flinders University, <a href="http://upstateonline.info/static/April6-April132017/blog/story-1/index.html">Julio Licinio</a> has also worked as psychiatry. Apart from this, he is a clinical professor in Albuquerque at University of New Mexico School of Medicine. He is an adjunct professor at Houston at the University Of Texas Health Science Center and a visiting professor in Braga at the University of Minho. Apart from above, Licinio is a founder of the John Curtin School of Medical Research. He will soon publish three papers in the medical field on Molecular Psychiatry, The Pharmacogenomics and Translational Psychiatry. 

After doing deep research, he published a book on two medical topics namely, pharmacogenomics and biology of depression. He has also published the book that describes the link between antidepressants and depression obesity and according to the Google scholar; he has gained the position 65 in author-level metric “h index” with more than 21,000 citations. On whole, he has published 12 books and more than 240 research papers which got a special place in Pub Med. 

A scientific research of Julio with his colleagues was the first to suggest that Leptin may have antidepressant effects. Many research groups boosted up his concept. Julio further proved that the leptin effects in the human mind are pro-cognitive.

<a href="http://usjuliolicinio.blogspot.in/">Julio Licinio</a> is famous for his research work in leptin and feeling full after a meal. He started his research fifteen years back when he identified three Turkish people suffering from leptin deficiency. It is important to note that this leptin deficiency is actually a genetic disorder and because of this, people gain too much weight with time. To treat those patients, he injected leptin in their body for few days and he found that those patients had lost a good amount of weight because of leptin. By this, he further concluded that leptin is produced in an organized manner in the body with different circadian rhythm and pulsatility.

So, these were some incredible but important contributions of Julio towards the medical field that has been done previously. In addition to these, many types of research are still in process to find other diseases that are caused because of depression.
